Introduction:
-------------------------------------

1. Felt it was too early.
Same argument as any CCN paper gets.
* Major concern with any CCN paper: why should we take this paper if CCN is not
real?
* More about the perception, rather than a technical argument.
* Convey that this is not wasted space, because this is a trend that is
inevitable.
* Show why programmability is something that will happen. Give some proof that
this is bubbling up right now in the industry.
Chang feels like we are not giving enough emphasis on the change in trends.
Educate people that this sea change is underway.

Compiler Techniques:
-------------------------------------
Are individual techniques applicable in other programmable switching
architectures or different types of targets?
Give such historical connections.
Will appreciate context or applicability.
It's a good return of old concepts.

Example where we are taking from us and lend it to other domains.
All or nothing compilation: put in some constraint to guarantee predictability
on software router or FPGA platforms.
If some people think that PISA itself isn't ready for primetime, then it might
be useful to convince people that some techniques are still useful in a
different context.

Another comment from the reviews:
------------------------------------
Using Domino to reduce number of lines of code from P4 to Domino: it's 200 vs.
50.
It's not 2M vs. 500K.
More powerful way to show that Domino is a win against P4 for expressivity.
It's more than reducing number of lines of code against P4.
Suppose you had 200 lines of P4. It's much more painful to write it.
At the very least tell that it's much more painful to write the P4 code.
The users should worry more about the correctness of the algorithm rather
than realization of the algorithm subject to constraints.
Come up with a simple and convincing example of this difference.

Flowlet switching P4 code: Doesn't even run on Barefoot's chip because of
memory sharing. Code is incorrect despite quite some thought.
HULA P4 code: similar argument as well. 
